feat: Update setup docs for JS SDKs (#6836)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/getting-started-config/javascript.remix.mdx

To use this SDK, initialize Sentry in your Remix entry points for both the client and server.

> Create two files in the root directory of your project, `entry.client.tsx` and `entry.server.tsx` (if they don't exist yet). In these files, add your initialization code for the client-side SDK and server-side SDK, respectively.

Author: @AbhiPrasad could you sanity check this?

> The two configuration types are mostly the same, except that some configuration, like the one for Session Replay, only works in `entry.client.tsx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two configuration types are mostly the same, except that some configuration features, like Session Replay, only work in `entry.client.tsx`.
```
